                           -- HYRULE CASTLE --


You're now in the basement of Hyrule Castle. There's your uncle! Talk to
him and he'll give you your basic sword and shield. Apparently, he dies
at this point (I'm assuming that he died, since you can't talk to him
anymore, but you'll strangely see him again at the ending). Go onward
to the next room. Go collect a blue rupee from the chest at the right,
and get some magic power from under the pots (you'll need this magic for
the lamp). Go south and out the door.

You're back outside! Cut away a few bushes and enter the castle through
the main entrance, killing any guards you meet along the way.

Now this is royalty! The whole castle is swarming with guards, so always
be prepared. Enter the door at the right side. Continue following the
red carpet until you reach some stairs leading down with some statues at
the sides. Go down there into the Hyrule Castle dungeons.

Murder the guard in the room and collect the key that pops out of him.
Open the chest to get a map of the castle. You can press X at anytime to
see it. You your key to open the locked door and continue. This is a
rather fun room. I like hitting the guards with the sword so that they
fall into the bottomless pit. Bwa ha ha! Ahem -- continue through this
straight-forward room and go through the door at the rop left.

Kill the lone guard in this room to open up the doors. Head to the room
at the right. Open the chest and you'll recieve the boomerang, one of my
favorite items. It stuns enemies and returns to you without using up any
magic. Try it out on this guard! Defeat him to get a small key, then
return to the previous room. Use the key to go north through the locked
door. Then keep going until you reach the large room of B3.

Defeat the green solder. To defeat this semi-boss with the ball and
chain, I suggest throwing pots at him. It's much quicker and safer that
way. When he's defeated, get the big key and use it to open up Zelda's
cell. Talk to her. When she's done bitching, she'll follow you back up
to the first floor. Don't forget to get the rupees from that chest.

Make the journey all the way back to the first floor. You'll know that
it's the first floor when everything looks rich and royal again. Go
around to the large room you were in when you first entered the castle.
>From there, go up the stairs and north to the throne room. Go to the
back of this room and Zelda will give you instructions to help push from
the left. Get to the left side and push it to the right to reveal a
secret passageway! Get in there.

This is apparently the sewer system. And it's pretty dark. You can't see
more than a few feet in front of you. If you really want the whole room
to be lit up, use your lamp on the torch things in the rooms. Even that
light will go out in a few seconds. Beware of rats and go down the
stairs at the top right.

Snakes! Get past them and go even deeper down the stairs. The door here
is locked. Get the key from the chest at the right, then continue
north through the door.

After you get through the sewers, you'll be very close to the sanctuary.
Be careful! Keep going, the door is at the north side of this room. In
the next room, the door is locked...and the key is in one of the rats.
Yeech. Defeat the rats until you find the one with the key, then
continue through the door.

Ahh...a fully lit room feels so refreshing after those dark sewers you
just went through. But this is no time to relax. Push aside the blocks
at the north side and continue up the stairs. Keep going until you get
to the room with two switches. There's no real need to defeat any rats.
The correct switch to pull is the one at the RIGHT. Walk up to it, hold
a, then pull back to open the door. Don't pull the switch at the right
unless you want it to rain snakes. Go through this final door and you
will finally be in the sancuary.